for I think personalization plays a huge
role for example if you showed me food
for a dog I don't have a dog that
wouldn't be personalized it'd be a
terrible experience even if I'm on
Amazon I'm not going to generate sales I
I think personalization is huge uh
through AI it now makes it easier
because you can create tons of different
variations and personalize quicker
um but at the same time if you
personalize too much and you get too
Nitty Gritty with the personalization we
find that it doesn't really boost
conversions that much more
so uh my next question uh to you is key
um okay let's talk about some personal
branding so as an export in personal
branding or what advice would you give
to individuals looking to establish a
strong personal brand and became
influential uh influential in their
respective Industries
so you're asking what can someone do to
build up the personal brand
yes
[Music]
it's you gotta create a lot of content
whether it's video content audio content
text-based chances are you're gonna do a
little bit of all of it you can
repurpose the content so if you do video
based content like this you can purpose
an audio for a podcast you can end up uh
putting it out there for uh images this
would be hard to make images but you can
put out there as text-based content as
well and have it repurposed image based
stuff you can you know manually take
pictures with your photo but you're
going to participate in all the social
sites you're gonna have to get the
content out there by uh networking with
others create amazing content ask people
to like and share uh follow other people
within your industry participate on
their social channel so when you
participate on theirs higher chance that
they'll participate on yours
you gotta go live with other people on
these platforms so you can build up your
audience and it also helps them build up
Their audience you got to collect the
email list and start blasting out when
you have amazing content two three times
a week
um you gotta go and speak at events you
pretty much got to do most forms of
marketing and do it consistently for
three to five years sadly one thing
won't get you the results of personal
branding these days because everyone's
trying to build a brand and everyone's a
guru about every topic so you gotta
really go above and beyond and do it
consistently because that's where you're
gonna win if you look at most people
have built a brand they built a brand by
doing it consistently for many years no
one's a flyby overnight success it's
extremely rare to see those and if
there's they are most of them die down
just as quickly as they Rose but the
ones who do really well are the ones who
consistently create content and educate
and help people out and they've done it
for tons of years
yeah and this skill I learned from
garyvee I just read the uh blog post of
gallery where he used to describe how
you can produce 72 pieces of content in
a day uh by repurposing that content
again and again so that's the skill uh
which if anyone wants to build their
personal brand then they have to make
your Omni Channel approach as you said
okay exactly um
yeah so one more question uh can you uh
okay uh what are some common mistakes or
misconception that businesses make when
it comes to digital marketing and how
can they avoid them
so common mistakes that people make when
it comes to marketing and getting
visitors to their website the big
mistake we see when it comes to getting
visitors to your website most people
look for a high number instead of
getting the most relevant people to your
website it doesn't matter if you have
five million people coming to your
website if they're not converting it
doesn't matter what you need is you need
the right quality the right targeted
audience and quality traffic so for
example
you know we started ranking on Google
for terms like Discord well none of that
traffic converts it was getting us
hundreds of thousand visitors a month
who cares but our ideal customers people
typing in things like digital marketing
agency and things like how do you expand
your marketing or how do you how do you
rank a business uh globally on Google in
different languages because those
companies are large and they're usually
looking for international expansion
right those are ideal customers those
terms don't get as much traffic but
that's okay because that's what's
driving a lot of Revenue
um okay okay that's so awesome so um one
more thing uh neat key uh uh you
mentioned the power of omni Channel
let's talk about omnichannel marketing
and its potential to revolve you guys
the customer experience can you
elaborate on how businesses can unlock
this power and create a seamless
omnichannel experience for their
customers like what key strategies and
considerations so they keep in mind
yeah there's actually one main concept
that you have to keep in mind to have a
cohesive Omni Channel approach that's
you got to get the teams for who manage
different channels to work well with
each other so for example if you have
someone managing organic social and
someone managing SEO so managing the
paid ads they need to work together
you need to take the lessons you're
learning from SEO and apply them to
Social and the lessons you learn from
Instagram and apply to tick tock and uh
Facebook and Twitter and take the
lessons you're learning from organic
social and apply to your paid ads and
email marketing and vice versa if you're
if the people who are working on the
different channels aren't working
together to create uh seamless
experience it's not going to work out
yeah and and when you don't create the
seamless experience you can still be on
the channels but it's it's more so
multi-channel marketing versus Omni
Channel Omni channels when the channels
are working together multi-channel is
just here on a lot of different channels
but the experience isn't cohesive and
and similar and it just doesn't convert
as well when you do multi-channel versus
Omni Channel
okay okay got it so um uh one more thing
uh like how do you recommend businesses
approach email marketing to maximize
their open rates and conversions
so let's first talk about open rates the
first thing to do is scrub your list get
rid of the people who don't open up your
emails uh on a regular basis because if
you keep sending those people emails
it'll cause the emails that you're
sending to the people who want to see
your emails it'll cause them those
emails to go into promotions tab or spam
uh uh box so you need to only send
emails to people who want them so scrub
your list of unopened every 30 days and
start removing those people the second
thing you need to do is focus on
text-based email templates uh HubSpot
did a test where they did HTML based
emails versus text based and the HTML
ones had over 20 plus percent less open
rate I believe it was somewhere between
20 and 25 percent that the stats ended
up showing we see similar things we get
30 plus percent open rates but we do
that by text based emails the next thing
that you want to do is don't just sell
in your emails provide value uh 80 to 90
of the time and then sell ten percent of
time that's a formula we use and it's
work really well you can do a comment if
you're e-commerce you're going to sell
more than 10 of the time it's going to
be much higher than that but generally
speaking for a portion of your emails
you will want to provide value
okay okay got it
thanks for insight so uh what role does
personalization play in modern marketing
and how can businesses effectively
effectively implement it
yeah I think
I think personalization plays a huge
role for example if you showed me food
for a dog I don't have a dog that
wouldn't be personalized it'd be a
terrible experience even if I'm on
Amazon I'm not going to generate sales
uh I I think personalization is huge uh
through AI it now makes it easier
because you can create tons of different
variations and personalize quicker
um but at the same time if you
personalize too much and you get too
nitty-gritty with the personalization we
find that it doesn't really boost
conversions that much more uh so I do
think personalization's important but
don't obsess about it because getting
too personalized and showing every
person something different isn't going
to convert that much better uh typically
when you personalize people are in
different segments you may have four or
five ten different segments whatever the
number is and you can put people in
those buckets and personalize to those
segments versus personalizing to each
and every single individual and that'll
be good enough for most businesses
okay okay nice uh one more thing Neil
like how do you recommend businesses
approach influencer marketing to amplify
their reach and impact
focus on micro influencers look for
people not just with a large follower
account but look for influencers with a
following account in your industry and
they have good engagement work with
those people have them promote your
products your services and when they
promote it make sure you also include
those influencers on the landing page
that they're sending people to because
then it converts much better
okay okay uh yeah I was uh asking uh
looking back at your journey what are
some valuable lessons you have learned
as an entrepreneur and how have they
saved your approach to business and
marketing
the biggest lesson I learned is focus I
tried doing too many things at once when
you double down and just focus you're
gonna be better off and you're gonna do
much better at that one thing versus
trying to do too many things the other
thing I learned is you got to go after
big Tams Tam stands for total
addressable Market it's really hard to
capture fifty percent of a million
dollar market it's easier to capture uh
0.01 of a hundred billion dollar market
so go after bigger markets it's easier
to just generate income and make money
um the other thing that I've learned is
it takes a long time to build up a
business and penetrate a market not one
year not two years not three years it
takes five to ten plus years you need to
have a long-term Outlook
um okay okay got it uh okay my audience
is around James is basically from 18 to
30. so if someone wants to start their
digital marketing agency or want to
learn digital marketing so what do you
recommend like some basic steps how to
uh like what are the resources and how
to start basically
sure and I hate to do this after this uh
answer I had to end up running because I
had to take my kids to uh a play day
because today's a holiday here in the US
uh nonetheless if I wanted to learn
digital marketing and I was starting off
I would do it by starting my own website
starting my own podcast and being on
social media learn by experimenting on
your own profiles look at what other
people in your industry are doing try
different tactics read learn you can
read blogs like neilpatel.com blog and
it'll give you ideas on what to do what
not to do and this will help you get
further along but you need to experiment
reading isn't enough you got to actually
practice on your own site and that's the
best way to learn
okay okay so as we have time cramped uh
so uh let's wrap up so thank you so much
me for joining me here it was so
wonderful to talk with you and I love
your insights with you sales so thank
you so much
thanks for having me